# RMCodeDump
In this repository I will put all the random bits of code that I wrote
while developing the OzDES RM code that didn't make it into the final
pipelines ([OzDES_calibSpec](https://github.com/jhoormann/OzDES_calibSpec), [OzDES_getPhoto](https://github.com/jhoormann/OzDES_getPhoto), and [OzDES_makeLC](https://github.com/jhoormann/OzDES_makeLC)) but will hopefully be useful to someone else.

# Files
Here are brief descriptions of all the codes contained in this
repository.  All the codes were developed using python 3.5.6.

## OzDES_Calculation.py
Here is a dump of all the functions I wrote for the OzDES RM Pipeline
(contained in OzDES_calibSpec/getPhoto/makeLC) plus some others I wrote
that are called in the other scripts presented here.

## OzDES_Plotting.py
This code specifically contains the functions which makes plots with
legible axis labels that are uniform.

## features.py
This code will look at a light curve and try to identify features which
will make it easier to recover a lag with reverberation mapping.  It
will look for significant jumps between observing seasons as well as
places where the slope of a best fit line between seasonal means changes
directions.

## makeClassificationStats.py
This code will take photometric data and uncalibrated light curves and 
create a table of flux/magnitudes, SNR, variation for each observation
of a band/emission line.  I originally used this create a table to
create a classifier to determine if a spectrum was good or bad and 
should be included in the coadd.

## classifySpec.py
This code helps you fill out the class (good/bad) and issue 
(noise/splice/missing pixel etc) columns of the table generated by the
makeClassificationStats.py script.  Likely the most useful function of 
this code is the 'plot' flag, where it will plot the spectra for all
exposures taken during an observing run and you can indicate via 
command line prompts which spectra have problems.  The list of 
problematic extensions are saved to a text file.
